that weight started out bad because that
was the day at the northridge quake on
that Monday so the next day I mean
everything is just a mess that whole
night when I knew I led me to show on
and that was probably the worst thing
I've ever had I'm the eye bitch i didn't
put in two hours tops from even watching
the show still now i can't believe how
much i was swimming I mean I was
absolutely just petrified then the show
starts norm is all of a sudden instead
of playing straight up the lane like we
had pretty much done all week he is now
hooking the entire lady and I'm like
what is going on here up until the ninth
frame I really thought I had a chance to
get back on the swim and i forked in
late and that was it I mean Norma lon
did what he was supposed to do strike
out on me and and that was it I think I
gave people a little eye-opener that
that week us open bowling normal again
so it's the second time they pulled in
the title match and now this time
instead of him playing my line I'm for I
had nor beat like he had me pee and I
forgot what I had done to him back in 94
and I'll sudden here comes a strike boom
strike moonstruck and I go up in the
ninth frame and I bring a tent great
shot and I come back so discussions I
believe this temp in a flagon I mean I
miss it I miss it by a mile I think I
booked the gun I have now gone from in a
matter of now 5 10 minutes going from
the fact that I'm gonna win this
tournament to now that I just lost the
turn I'm sitting there and I'm in the
seat and I got the tao of my face and
I'm just shaking my head I'm like you
screwed up really so the norm getting up
i hear the crowd yelling the dude dude
dude thing in a gentle shy can hear the
crowd go crazy
and I don't hear that yeah I hear that
oh I'm like what happened to take the
towel off my look and I'll sudden I see
this 8-pin kind of shaking dancing
didn't pull down from that point on
where I got the title it was a payback
it was uh let you know I'm here I mean a
lot of things went through I doubt dated
a lot of things that maybe I had started
in 94 that people in saw to where it
took me six years later by a validated
everything that I tried to do